Bea: Previously on "Ponies."
Sasha: I think
what I'm doing is important.
-Your sister--
-You know about Galyna.
Bea: They killed her.
-You think she was a prostitute?
-Looks that way.
-Who murdered her?
-Soviet government. K.G.B.
Bea: Same organization
who employs a man
you want me to date.
-Where would
an important American man go.
looking for some company
and had some money to spend?
-Talk to Maria.
This one I don't know.
Of course I'm gonna be careful.
You can trust me.
I love you.
Dane: Twila can manage
things with your grandmother.
The best person
to have on the ground
is someone
who's not emotionally invested.
How did anybody else
find out about this meet?
-Ray: I don't know.
-Twila: Bea.
-I don't know what to tell you.
-Bea: Doesn't fucking matter.
All that matters
is getting my grandmother.
-Caterpillar. he helped us!
He gave me this!
Bea: Sometimes I wonder
if all this pretending.
I'm gonna forget
what's even real.
-[knocking on door]
-[sighs] What?
-We have a mole.
We have a fucking mole.
[Bea laughing]
-What about Niagara Falls?
-Well. it's predictable.
And what is it really.
some water rolling down a hill?
A very large hill?
-Chris?
-What?
[gentle music playing]
-Are you afraid of heights?
-No. [laughs]
You know.
I grew up in a high rise.
Looking out my window every day
never scared the hell out of me.
made me want to vomit.
gave me the chills. vertigo.
-Oh. my God.
Chris. how did I not know this?
You're a pilot.
-Yeah. but in a plane.
I'm in control.
-Wow.
-[Chris laughs]
Wow.
-Oh. is that-- is that Manya?
-Oh. yeah.
Chris: God.
she looks so much like you.
-Bea: Mm-hmm.
-Chris: Where is she?
-Braslav. I think.
Yeah. she used to vacation there
with her best friend
in the summer.
She said those were
her most cherished memories
of her time in Belarus.
-Well. maybe
we should honeymoon there.
-The Soviet Union?
Now you really are joking.
Do we really need a honeymoon?
I mean. I-- I love
being with you anywhere.
[music playing distortedly]
[phone ringing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[ringing continues]
Andrei:
[phone thuds]
[dramatic music playing]
[phone dings]
[theme music playing]
♪ Ooh.
oh. baby. baby. I need you ♪
[Sasha hums]
♪ La. la. la-la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la-la ♪
[knocking on door]
K.G.B. agent:
[dramatic music playing]
[banging on door]
[Sasha breathing shakily]
[lock clicks open]
[Sasha panting]
Sasha: Dver'!
-[sighs] So. right here
is where Trent found it?
-Yeah. just about.
-[sighs] Great.
We need this today.
with the D.C.I.
on his way from the airport.
-Yeah. it's a bit abnormal.
isn't it?
For the Director
of Central Intelligence
to fly all the way
out to Moscow?
-He was only confirmed
last month.
This is protocol.
But it goes without saying.
he doesn't need to know
our fireplace was bugged.
-[Dane grunts]
-Oh!
-[Dane groaning] Okay.
Ray: Oh.
[Ray coughs]
-[Dane sighing]
-God.
[door clicks open]
Has this always been here?
[both grunting]
Christ almighty.
I know they put us in a building
designed to be surveilled.
but tunnels?
That's brazen even for them.
-Yep. the Soviets have never
been known for their subtlety.
No footsteps.
The Soviets didn't use
these tunnels to plant the bug.
Someone must've come
from our side.
-Holy smokes.
-I want eyes and ears
on all embassy staff.
Anything suspicious.
I want to know about it.
-Uh. I'm already
doubling my efforts.
but I should let you know.
I think that the cafeteria
workers are compromised.
-They don't have access
to this level.
-Okay. never mind.
I think our man is closer to us.
Or woman.
-Whoever the mole is.
Ray. I want them found.
[whimsical music playing]
[sighs]
-Okay.
Wait. Uh. Maria?
-Uh--
-No. thank you.
Maria. Maria!
Wow. uh.
you look. uh. different.
I-- remember me?
I-- I went to your work?
-What are you doing here?
-Yeah.
I simply needed a change.
This is work now.
-Why? Uh. did-- are you okay?
-Did something happen?
-Nothing.
-Everything.
-Well. what?
You can-- you can tell me.
I. uh-- I did a job.
I did it well.
-I leave.
-Uh-huh.
-But. uh. next day.
the-- the man who hired
wanted to meet and when I come.
I could feel that he was. um.
preparing himself
to-- to make me dead.
-Oh. my God.
-I was not going to wait
and become another dead girl.
So. I run.
-I'm sorry.
-Now. here I am.
Wait. do you know
who the guy is. or--
No?
[Bea sighs]
Bea: Did you know about
this Chris and Galyna tape?
And-- and you didn't think
to tell me?
-It's not pertinent information.
-My husband having
an affair with a Soviet.
with my asset's murdered sister.
and that it is all on tape.
that didn't sound like
pertinent information to you?
Was-- was this Kompromat?
Was Chris being blackmailed?
-He wasn't being blackmailed.
He wasn't even having an affair.
-I'm sorry.
do you need to watch it again?
You see the part
where he cups her breasts?
-He only did this
to prove his loyalty.
Missus Grant. [sighs]
Your husband pretended to work
for the Soviets. at my request.
In order to convince the K.G.B.
that he was trustworthy
and gain their confidence.
he had to give them something
that could ruin his life.
And your reaction proves
why this tape was effective.
-It-- it proves
that I had absolutely
no say in my marriage.
-He was an exceptional agent.
But this job demands sacrifice.
Most people
are not cut out for it.
But the woman
who marches in to Langley
after her husband's death.
and demands
to be sent back to Moscow.
is not most people.
But it is past time you decided
whether you're gonna dedicate
yourself fully to this job.
Because half measures in this
life will only get you killed.
-And committing
to this life won't?
[Sasha panting]
K.G.B. agent:
[keys jangling]
[overlapping chatter]
[Sasha chuckles]
[somber music playing]
Galyna.
[phone ringing]
[?]
-Bea?
-[Bea sobbing]
-[Bea sniffs]
-You okay?
Bea: I'm fine.
-I mean.
I-- I can hear ya in there.
You're not-- you're not fine.
-What do you need?
-How-- how long
you gonna keep ignoring me?
[breathing shakily]
Is this-- is this still
about Manya?
I mean. I--
that wasn't my fault.
I did everything I could.
you know?
-Please. Twila.
it's just-- it's not about you.
-Then what is it about?
[sniffles]
-I saw something. I. uh...
a-- a tape.
Chris with...
with another woman.
And they were...
-together.
-What?
-[sniffles] He just--
it was for an operation
or for this fucking job.
-Oh. okay.
So. then. so it was sex.
you know. for the job.
I mean.
you know that doesn't count.
-My husband slept
with another woman.
It counts. It fucking counts.
-You know how this job works.
I mean. sometimes we gotta be
other people. you know?
Do things we wouldn't
normally do in our life.
And. I mean. it's just sex.
It doesn't have to be
a big deal or anything.
-I loved my husband
and he betrayed me.
-[sniffling]
-Um...
Bea?
Chris didn't betray ya.
Tom did.
[door clicks open]
-What are you talking about?
I bare-- I barely even met him.
-What do you mean?
-Um...
-Tom was the mole.
-What?
-Vera-- Vera told me.
right before she died.
She-- I guess
Tom was the one that was.
you know. feeding
the information to the Soviets.
So. Tom...
was the one that...
he's the one
who got Chris killed.
-What?
-Yeah.
Well. why-- why-- why-- why
didn't you tell me this before?
-I was worried it would
change things between us.
-Well. of course
it fucking changes things.
You-- you had information about
my life that you kept from me.
-I should be able to decide...
-I know.
-...how I feel about my life.
-I know. You should.
I-- I just-- but see
now you're-- now you're mad.
And I'm telling you
something about Tom
and you're blaming me.
like it's my fault.
-It's not my fault.
-Well. because it is your fault!
-It's not! I'm--
-Okay? It is.
Because you had this information
and you decided to keep it.
-Yeah.
-You didn't tell me.
and now you tell me now when
I'm dealing with all this stuff.
and when I'm dealing with
fucking fixing things
with Andrei and--
What-- what are you-- what
are you gotta fix with Andrei?
I have to seduce him.
which of course. for you.
isn't a big deal.
because sex doesn't matter.
But I still have feelings.
-Wow.
[scoffs] Wow.
I'm-- I mean. I'm really
trying here and you're--
What. 'cause I-- I fuck guys
and I don't let it bother me?
I-- I don't have feelings?
That's what you think of me?
I thought--
I thought you were my friend.
But you're just--
you're just like
every other girl I grew up with.
You just love feeling superior
to someone like me. right?
[Bea crying]
[door shuts closed]
[dramatic music playing]
-Hey.
-Oh. thank God.
Sasha: I thought
I was going to die.
And I kept trying
to prepare myself
until I realized.
there is nothing to prepare.
It's-- it's the end.
But... [sighs] ...it turns out
I'm more valuable alive.
[laughs] At least for now.
-My God.
I did. however. think that
with all the foreigners in town
for the Elton John
concert tomorrow.
and all the cameras
they've gathered.
they must be doing an operation
at the hotel tonight.
-You're probably right.
-I-- I thought you might
want to send people there.
see what's going on.
-Well. I don't make
those kind of decisions.
But that's valuable. Thank you.
-What?
-Nothing. I just...
you had
this terrifying encounter.
and you went out of your way
to get me this intel.
[heartfelt music playing]
-When my sister died.
I thought there was no way
I could ever get answers.
Truth isn't something
I have access to here.
For most of my life.
I accepted it.
Doing this has ignited me.
My life may be small.
but in my own way. I am defined.
-But what if
the answers you discover
hurt more than not knowing?
-It's better
than sitting in dark.
-Can I use
your apartment tonight?
-Yeah.
Cheryl: Dane. Dane. hi!
I left three messages.
Did your girl
not give them to you?
-I don't have a girl.
-Really? You should.
I'll get somebody
assigned up there.
Listen. I know
you might not think
much of us on the sixth floor.
but I know more than you think.
As office manager. I have
a very valuable vantage point.
I know that we are in trouble.
I know about the...
mole.
-I'm afraid I don't know
what you're referring to.
No. No. see. you don't
get to do that. actually.
Because that thing
was found on my son.
And I don't take my son lightly.
I take my son very serious.
-I'm well aware of that. but--
-First on my list. obviously.
Twila Hasbeck.
She shows absolutely no interest
in being a secretary.
It's almost comical.
-[Dane clears throat]
-At the very least.
I think she should be fired.
And investigated.
-From what I was told.
she had no income
-after her husband's death.
-[scoffs] I'm sorry.
I didn't realize
the State Department
was a charity.
Hmm. Well. next.
obviously is my nanny. Evie.
Dismiss me all you'd like.
but her looks
are a walking distraction.
And she shows up
out of the blue.
and I've caught her snooping
more than once.
And she has
the most access to Trent.
And then there's him.
Do you know that Shep
sees a shrink once a week?
Mm-hmm.
Answer me this.
does that look like
a man capable of introspection?
-Thanks to Redford.
we know that tonight
at Hotel Intourist. the K.G.B.
is running
a blackmail operation.
Now. our objective
is to infiltrate
this blackmail operation
by finding one of
the hidden cameras
they've planted
throughout the hotel rooms.
and replacing
one of the K.G.B. tapes
-with a tape of our own.
-Hmm.
-The technology that Redford
has been smuggling out
has allowed us to create
an exact duplicate tape.
The only difference
is that our tape
has a tracking device
hidden in it.
-Oh.
-Since Caterpillar
was unable to provide us
with the coordinates.
this is going to be
how we figure out the location
of the Kompromat facility.
-Right. Next slide.
-Uh. no.
That is-- that's-- that's all.
That's it.
That's all the slides.
-Two slides? Raymond.
-The rest are still being
developed by the lab. so--
-Oh.
-[Ray clears throat]
-Okay. So. uh. how many
of these blackmail videos
have the Soviets collected?
-Well. we don't know
the exact number.
but we suspect thousands.
If not more.
There is enough material
in this Kompromat facility
to have us under the influence
of Soviets for decades to come.
-So. that's probably why Sveta
just showed up at George's door.
'Cause she was trying to
get Kompromat on him.
That is exactly
what I was thinking.
Yeah. But then
why-- why would they kill her?
I mean. they're not
gonna kill every call girl
that does one of these things.
-Whoever is doing this. is doing
it for a very specific reason.
-So. how do we help?
How do we infiltrate
the operation?
-Right. [clears throat]
So. the plan. uh.
that we came up with
is that
I will pose as an easy mark.
and you will be--
or pretend to be...
-Uh...
-...a woman of the night.
A prostitute.
I think I've a better idea.
[bell tolls]
[tense music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[clears throat]
[baby crying]
[speaking in Russian]
[mellow guitar music playing]
-Ivanna. I didn't. uh.
know you were coming.
-Maria asked me to.
And I want to stick to my word.
-Right.
So... yeah. okay.
So. is this
kind of music allowed. or...
-It's not popular enough
to be a problem.
-You-- you really think
that what is happening
in the hotel is-- is connected
to the death of my friends?
-I-- I think it might. Yeah.
That's why. um. you know.
I could use your help tonight.
You know. if I'm there
posing as a prostitute.
then that could attract
unwanted attention.
But you? You're-- you're known
in those circles. so...
-But I-- I run for a reason.
You want me to put myself
in danger again?
-I know. But I'll be there.
Every step of the way.
I-- I won't let
anything bad happen.
I swear.
-You're not just some
embassy secretary.
are you. Twila?
-You don't actually want
me to answer that. do you?
[sighs]
-[gasps]
-What the hell
-were you just doing?
-Listen.
-Answer me.
-Okay. I was only--
I was only buying hash.
Here. [gasps]
[Dane sniffs]
-Hash? So. this is your therapy.
-My marriage is falling apart
and it's--
and it's the only thing that
keeps my mind calm.
[Dane sighs]
[mysterious music playing]
[sniffs]
[sighs]
[?]
[tense music playing]
-[sighs] All right.
Okay.
[Ray clears throat]
Do you see her?
Twila: Uh...
she'll be here.
I promise. yeah.
-Next.
-Good evening.
I'm Mr. Howard's secretary.
We have two rooms booked
for the night.
-Of course.
-Here you go.
You know.
I'll tell you what. Audrey.
You cancel my 8:30. [sighs]
After that shitstorm in D.C..
I'm gonna need a stiff drink.
And then another one after that.
Twila: Oh. Of course. sir. yes.
-[Ray sighs]
-Just one moment.
-Thank you.
Just. uh-- wait. Okay.
-Oh. shit. it's her.
Twila: Yeah.
-[Ray clears throat]
-Her.
[speaking in Russian]
-[in English]
Did you know about this?
-Uh. not exactly. no.
[speaking in Russian]
-[in English]
You think-- you think
it's gonna work still. or...
-As long as he's buying it.
[speaking in Russian]
-Here you are. sir.
-[sighs] Thank you.
You are in our suite.
floor four room 12 and...
-Twelve?
-...floor four. room 13.
-Thirteen. thank you.
Okay. oh. yes.
-But first. please.
allow me to show you to the bar.
-Ah!
-We have a new
American drink on the menu.
-Right. yes. I got you.
-Harvey Wallbanger
made with
the finest Russian vodka.
-Oh!
-Galliano liquor.
and fresh orange juice.
-Ray: Ah!
-I think you will enjoy it.
A small taste of home.
Just so long
as it's got alcohol.
-it's good with me.
-[clerk laughs]
Clerk: Well. we have everything
you could want in Russia.
Including.
the most beautiful women.
-Aha!
-Oh. oh...
[clears throat]
Well. uh. thank you.
But. um... [laughs]
...not really my-- my style.
You know. you-- you might have
better luck with her.
over there.
He prefers the Twiggy type.
you know?
Just anything to get him
out of my hair for the night.
-[laughs] Thank you.
-Ray: Alright.
[sighs] I gotta
get myself to bed.
Don't wake me up before nine.
Twila: Oh! Of course not.
[speaking in Russian]
[laughs] Bon soir!
Are you not
a sight for sore eyes?
[laughs] I insist
on buying you a drink.
[shushes] Oh. uh-- uh--
how about we go to your room?
-More private? [laughs]
-To my room? [laughs]
Pierre: This way. [laughs]
Ivanna: Where--
where-- where you from?
-Paris. do you know?
-Uh. no.
We're going to the sky.
-Wait! Wait!
-It's beautiful.
-Oh! Can I join the party?
-Uh. yes. C'est Noel!
-Yes?
-Yes!
-You want to go
to Paris as well?
-Sure. yeah.
-Yeah?
-She can come. huh?
-Yeah.
Pierre: Yeah?
[knocking on door]
[lyrics in Russian]
[music fades]
-Hi. May I come in?
No.
No. no. I-- no. I love my wife.
[laughs] Well.
let's keep this between us.
-No.
-[laughs]
Really. really. No.
Please.
We don't have to do anything.
But if I go back downstairs.
they...
Please.
Okay.
I-- I'm surprised you never--
never tried it.
It's much
more popular in America. right?
-No. it is. It is.
I was just always too nervous.
[both laugh]
-I didn't wanna get in trouble.
-Oh! [chuckles]
Must be the old you.
The one who cared about
getting in trouble.
I never used to break any rules.
There was always this voice in
my head telling me I shouldn't.
-Yeah.
Could you ever foresee
smoking hash
with your foreign asset
in Moscow.
while waiting for the K.G.B.
agent you are seeing?
-No.
-[both laugh]
No.
-No.
I'm...
I also have voices in my head.
This quiets it down a bit.
-Sometimes it's like
I'm having five conversations
in my head at once.
Who I should be.
who I shouldn't be...
what I should say. what...
what I should not say...
what language
I should be speaking.
-Mmm.
It will be nice
to quiet that chatter.
Just hear
the voice you are speaking.
You okay?
I see. I see. Okay.
-It's all right.
-Mmm.
-[laughs] It's fine.
I-- I know-- I know what to do.
If you're willing.
["Alone Again Or"
by Love playing]
Just try to focus on music.
nothing else.
That's how you will escape.
-Trust me.
-[Bea laughs]
♪ Yeah. said it's alright ♪
♪ I won't forget ♪
♪ All the times
I've waited patiently for you ♪
♪ And you'll do just
what you choose to do ♪
♪ And I will be alone
again tonight. my dear ♪
[both laugh]
-Twila: Merci.
-Music. cigarettes.
-and drinks.
-Yeah?
-Uh-huh. Yeah.
-Bienvenue.
Bienvenue. chez moi...
[speaking in French]
[Twila and Pierre laugh]
-Okay. Yeah.
-We must celebrate.
We must celebrate. here I am
with no wife to report to...
-Okay.
-...no prime minister
to be reprimanded by.
-Ivanna: Thank you.
-Pierre: Mmm.
-[Ivanna laughs]
-And half a bottle
-of vodka to share. [laughs]
-Yeah.
Pierre: Mmm.
[lyrics in Russian]
[speaking in French]
Is there a problem.
or something?
-No. no problem. Salut!
-Salut! [laughs]
Salut. un autre!
Ivanna: Mm-hmm.
-Un autre. mmm.
-Ivanna: Mmm.
Ah. merci!
-Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
-Oh!
Oh. poutain. poutain.
votre music!
Your music-- your music is shit!
-Your music is shit!
-[Twila laughs]
-Whoop! Ah!
Your music
is shit and your food?
But your girls?
-Right. right.
Aren't they just...
Delicious.
...something. yeah?
-Hmm.
-Ivanna: Yeah?
[sighs] Go to the bathroom!
Yeah.
-Why don't we get
a little comfortable. yes?
-[laughs] Well. hey.
Where you go. we will follow--
[Pierre laughs]
Ivanna: Why do you still wear
clothes?
Mmm! [speaking French]
-Okay. yeah.
-I don't know.
-Yeah. why do you
still wear clothes?
-Magnifique.
-[Ivanna chuckles]
Whoa!
-Here. I'll-- yeah.
-Back in the U.S.S.R.
[speaking in French]
-Foreigners can never hold
Russian vodka.
It was only a matter of time.
-So...
What is next?
[lyrics in Russian]
-Well. I mean. we're supposed
to look for that camera.
[faint music]
[glasses clinking]
Hm?
[Andrei grunting]
[Andrei groans. sighs]
[Andrei groaning in pain]
[Andrei gasping]
Twila: Okay. okay.
Okay. Oh. yeah.
Here. Spread your legs.
Ah. it's not here. Perfect.
-[Ivanna grunts]
Behind the painting?
-Turn around. Okay.
-Oh! Yeah.
-[both panting]
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-Uh! Yeah!
-Is it there?
-No.
-No? Okay. Okay.
-Down there?
-Yeah. Yeah. okay.
-[Ivanna sighs]
-Is it in there?
-No.
-Okay. Yeah.
-[both panting]
-Yeah.
-Oh!
-On the table?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-Huh!
[Ivanna grunts]
-Okay. No. not there.
-[Ivanna giggling]
Inside the drawer.
[both panting]
-Oh. Whoa.
-Curtain?
-Yeah. okay.
-Okay.
[both panting]
[Twila pants. laughs]
[Twila chuckling]
-Am I funny to you?
[both panting]
[?]
[both panting. moaning]
[lyrics in Russian]
[?]
[panting. moaning]
-Is this good?
[panting]
[moaning]
[lyrics in Russian]
-I can't remember
the last time I...
-[Sasha laughs]
-You knew exactly what I needed.
-It's not so hard
if you see someone.
-You see me?
[faint music]
[sighs]
-I have to go.
[echoing]
Will you be okay here with him?
-I'll be okay.
[echoing]
I'll imagine someone else.
[knocking]
-Just listen to your own voice.
[echoing]
[sighs]
-[door shuts]
-[Bea groans]
[groan echoing]
[knocking echoes]
[Bea inhales deeply]
[echoing]
[ominous tone plays]
[echoes]
[echoes] Andrei.
This was a mistake.
[sighing deeply]
-[tap squeaks]
-[water trickling]
[?]
-I'll take the pork chops.
-Yes. Unfortunately.
we do not have the pork chops.
-Uh. then I'll have
the French meat.
whatever the hell that is.
-Yes. we are out of that too.
-You can't possibly
be out of the fish
with gelatine. can you?
-In fact. the whole
third page we do not have.
-Why don't you just bring us two
of whatever it is you do have.
-[waiter sighs]
-Dane: Thank you.
-God. I hate Moscow.
It's a shell of a city.
And to think it's my own men
bringing me here.
-So. um. how's the new job. sir?
-You settling in...
-Do you wanna do small talk?
You know why I'm here.
and it's because you...
-Sir. um. uh.
before you continue.
I should make you aware of some
plain clothed friends
behind me at the bar.
over there by the front door.
and of course. right beside us.
[sighs]
-I thought living with my mother
in law was oppressive.
-Sorry. sir. it's just
the way they do things here.
-[sighs]
-They're not subtle about--
-Well. it's a miracle
anything gets done here.
-But your choice of agents...
-Um. sir...
...I mean. it would make sense
if they were eye candy.
but you shop at a totally
different candy store.
-so that's out--
-Sir. I'm sorry. um...
-What?
-...we should...
[suspenseful music playing]
-And it's like that every day?
-Yes.
[Stanley laughs]
-Sir. I promise you. although
our tactics
may seem unconventional.
we're on the verge of a major
breakthrough where if we--
-Unconventional is not gonna
cover for you. Mister Walter.
I mean. what were you thinking?
You hired two unqualified women
and then you let
a grandma wander off.
-That wasn't--
-It's a goddamned embarrassment.
So. one more thing
winds up out of place.
and I'm talking a hairnet
on a cafeteria worker
in the embassy.
you can kiss not just Moscow.
but the entire company goodbye.
-Yes. sir.
[Dane sighs]
[water splashing]
[ominous music]
-Relax. Andrei.
Just let me take care of you.
[?]
[Andrei sighs]
Who did this to you?
[echoes] I look better this way.
Better with scars.
We're the same.
you and me. Nadiya.
When you're born
in the provinces. like us...
you know how easy it is
for a life to go to waste.
But there's also an advantage
of once being very small.
-We're underestimated.
-Mm.
-That is our power.
-Mm-hmm.
When my husband died
it would've been so easy
for me to go home.
I didn't want it.
It felt small.
I wanted a life...
full of surprises.
-Mm.
And are you surprised...
to be here...
right now with me?
-Yes.
[sighs]
What's your dream. Andrei?
[?]
-More.
I dream of more.
[Bea sighs]
-What are you willing to do.
Andrei?
[?]
-The elites...
I have what I need to fuck them.
-Leverage?
-Mm-hmm.
Every man has secrets.
There's something...
some piece of knowledge
that could ruin every life.
I was never going to rot.
Everyone has got a weak spot.
Their secrets. Nadiya. [laughs]
I find it...
and they will give me the world.
-They'll never see you coming.
-[sighs] Yeah.
[?]
[both panting]
[both groaning. moaning]
[panting]
-Babe. [echoing]
[?]
[panting heavily]
[moaning]
[Russian music over radio]
-Do I scare you?
Because I should.
[Pierre groans]
Twila: Oh.
-Pierre: Was I good?
-Oh. yeah. Frenchie.
you were great.
[sighs. speaking in French]
-So. the next time
that he comes to you.
and he's apologetic.
you're gonna look at him
in the eyes.
and you're gonna say...
-I will say.
"No. You have had your chance."
-From here on out.
you're only thinking of...
-Myself.
-Yourself.
-[Yulia laughs]
-Go! Look at you! See?
That's a weight.
that's a weight off.
[Ray sighs]
[Yulia sobbing]
-Oh.
-I'm sorry.
-No. no. Shh. shh. shh.
It's okay. it's okay.
-Here. Why don't I just--
-Yulia: I'm sorry.
I just--
I don't know how to thank you.
-Yulia. you have already
done more than enough. hmm?
-Come here. [Ray laughs]
-Thank you.
-It's hard to find
someone who listens.
-Mm-hmm.
-Nobody listens to me.
Ray: I am listening to you.
right here. right now.
-Yulia: Thank you so much.
-Ray: Of course.
Oh. shh. shh. shh.
Let it all out. There you go.
Yeah. yeah. Oh. my goodness.
Here. here. There you go.
[emotional piano music]
-Well...
-I'm sorry. uh. we-- we couldn't
get more answers for Maria.
You-- you know Ray said.
uh. we can track the tapes now.
so I'm confident maybe that'll
help us get more information.
-Mm. or it will lead to nowhere.
-Or that. yeah.
Did she say anything about
the-- the guy that hired her?
Anything that could.
you know. help us find him?
-Mm. he did not use
his real name.
But she said what he looks like.
Uh. high cheeks. blonde hair...
deep blue eyes
that look right through you.
Oh. my God.
[?]
[music turns dramatic]
[door creaks and shuts close]
Dane: Oh. fuck you. Chris.
[sinister music]
[pants and groans angrily]
[groans]
[sobbing]
[somber music]
[shaky sigh]
[clears throat]
Uh. I-- I need. uh.
I need an outside line.
[breathing shakily]
I-- I-- I-- I need to see you.
-Mister Ray?
-[Ray] gasps]
Oh. Eevi. Oh. wow.
-Oh. uh...
-You-- you scared me.
-I was worried.
You were out so late.
-Oh. sorry.
-I. uh.
I-- I kept
reheating dinner but...
-You did? I'm so sorry.
-Oh. no.
-Oh. okay.
Well. thank you. Thank you.
[Ray sighs]
Oh. I'm sorry. do you wanna--
do you want a plate?
We can eat together.
if you want.
Oh. don't worry.
It's fine. Yeah?
-Okay. [sighs]
-Okay.
-Thank you.
-How was your night?
-Uh. it was good.
It was really.
um. you know. busy.
]"Crying in the Night"
by Buckingham Nicks]
-[knocking] ♪ She was that ♪
-Hello? ♪ Kind of lady ♪
♪ Times were hard. oh ♪
♪ She come ♪
-Hey.
-I have so much to tell you.
-Well then. come the fuck in.
-Yeah?
♪ But she'll leave you ♪
♪ Crying in the night ♪
♪ She will leave you ♪
♪ Whoa. she's gonna leave you ♪
♪ Crying in the night ♪
♪ She's back in town ♪
♪ And she's looking around ♪
♪ Say you needed someone
to depend on ♪
♪ You're all alone.
she's the only one ♪
♪ Who can come
take you far away ♪
♪ Take your breath away ♪
♪ But she'll leave you ♪
♪ Crying in the night ♪
♪ She will leave you ♪
♪ Whoa. she's gonna leave you ♪
♪ Crying in the night ♪
♪ She's back ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm